[beta8] improve conan list docs (#2902)
conan-io/docs: reference/commands/list.rst

``name/version@user/channel#rrev:pkgid#prev``

This pattern supports using ``*`` as wildcard as well as ``#latest`` to specify the latest revision

> (though that might not be necessaryin most cases, by default Conan will be listing the latest revisions). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(though that might not be necessary in most cases, by default Conan will be listing the latest revisions). 
```
